A0 - Introduction to Programming and Python/README.md, before:

# Introduction to Python and Programming

## Introduction

This unit is dedicated to people who are having a first contact with coding world. We recommended some series of videos for leaning the programming basics and the Python basics. After watching the videos and feeling more comfortable with programming and Python, some small projects are proposed. 

Finally, write a report with the results. For this report use the LaTeX template present on this repo (`.tex` and `.bib` files).

**NOTE:** We strongly recommended to begginers download Anaconda and use the Spyder IDE. 

## Anaconda for Windows
- https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/windows/

## Support Material / References

### Introduction to Porgamming and Python :
- [Curso em Video](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHz_AreHm4dlKP6QQCekuIPky1CiwmdI6)

- [Tech World with Nana](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8pPdKYpowI)

### Projects:	
- [Birthday Dictionary](https://www.practicepython.org/exercise/2017/01/24/33-birthday-dictionaries.html)

- [String List](https://www.practicepython.org/exercise/2014/03/12/06-string-lists.html)

- [Rock Paper Scissors](https://www.practicepython.org/exercise/2014/03/26/08-rock-paper-scissors.html)

Commit message:

docs: Reformulate structure and rewrite description

A0 - Introduction to Programming and Python/README.md, after:

# Introduction to Python and Programming

## Description

This unit is dedicated to people who are having a first contact with coding world. We recommend different materials to begin learning Python, so you can see what better fits with your learning style. One option is this [free gamified course from SoloLearn](). Other good materials are these YouTube video series: [](). For you to start using Python on your machine, we strongly recommend to [download Anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/windows/) and [use the Spyder IDE]() to code and run your programms (this is a more begginer-friendly setup).

When you feel more comfortable with programming and Python, carry out the **Proposed Projects** (located at the end of this README).


## Projects:	
- [Birthday Dictionary](https://www.practicepython.org/exercise/2017/01/24/33-birthday-dictionaries.html)

- [String List](https://www.practicepython.org/exercise/2014/03/12/06-string-lists.html)

- [Rock Paper Scissors](https://www.practicepython.org/exercise/2014/03/26/08-rock-paper-scissors.html)


## Complementary Materials

### Introduction to Porgamming and Python :
- [Curso em Video](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHz_AreHm4dlKP6QQCekuIPky1CiwmdI6)

- [Tech World with Nana](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8pPdKYpowI)
